{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	There are a few ratings/columns that I included in the final table, but the ultimate indicator I used was a combination of those and is indicated by 
\f1\b \'93COMPLETE_RATING\'94
\f0\b0  in the table. I wanted to consider both the wins that a team had as well as their statistical performance in all games. Since, we are predicting the performance of a team on a neutral court, I wanted to weigh the importance of away games more than home and neutral games because it is harder for a team to win an away game, as they are playing against the home crowd. In a similar way, I wanted to weigh the importance of home games less than neutral and away games because it is easier for a team to win a home game as they have the support of their home crowd. So after counting the number of away games, neutral games, and home games that each team had won through the course of the season, given by the \'93Away\'94, \'93Neutral\'94, and \'93Home\'94 columns respectively, I weighed the number of away wins by 1.2 and the number of home wins by 0.7, and left the number of neutral wins as a weight of 1. These weights are applied in the \'93HomeWeight\'94 and \'93AwayWeight\'94 columns respectively. Then by adding these up for each team along with the \'93Neutral\'94 column, I calculated the \'93WinRating\'94 column in the table.\'a0\
	Then, I wanted to also consider the statistics for each team throughout the season and after looking at the \'93box_scores\'94 table, I saw that points scored, assists, as well as field goals made per game had roughly the most effect on a game. Specifically, a team that had higher numbers in these categories than their opposing team tended to win the game. So I found the PPG, APG, and FMPG for each team in the conference using the box_scores table, which is displayed as the \'93PPG\'94, \'93APG\'94, and \'93FMPG\'94 columns respectively. I then computed a weighted average of these statistics by weighing the PPG by 0.5, the FMPG by 0.3, and the APG by 0.2, as I saw/assumed PPG and FMPG as being more indicative of a game\'92s winner than APG. With this weighted average, I calculated the \'93StatRating\'94 column in the final table. Then finally, I added the \'93StatRating\'94 column to the \'93WinRating\'94 column to get the 
\f1\b \'93COMPLETE_RATING\'94
\f0\b0  column and this was the ultimate rating that I used to rank these teams as it combines the types of wins for each team as well as how they performed in each game overall throughout the season.\
}